five years ago I thought I lost you
forever
there is no curse that could ever tell
me away from you marry me yes they say
that love can conquer all from curses
big depresses everyone there are many
who prey on the innocent I'm sure your
kind would agree my times she means
humans start the music but not every
story turns out well
Maleficent doesn't know what she's up
against
help for even smell
everyone has a weakness
oh dear
Maleficent mistress of evil TPG here
tickets now Maleficent is up threat to
everyone she must be stopped
don't ruin my morning
[Music]
in ten days the king
he'll deliver sons mistress of evolve we
DPG five years ago I thought I lost you
forever
there is no curse that could ever tell
me away from you will you marry me yes
[Music]
mistress I have a little bit of news
don't ruin my morning
never asked me to marry him no I wasn't
really asking nor was I love doesn't
always end well beasty trust me let us
prove you wrong you have done an
admirable job going against your own
nature to raise this child but now she
will finally get the love of a real
mother tonight I consider Aurora
my what have you done we go home now
Maleficent is a threat to everyone
because you are best to protect you well
[Applause]
one can never be too careful
you
you do not know me
tell me what happened there was another
creature you've spent years caring for a
shoe
now it's time to careful your own
[Music]
I remember the story of an evil witch
when at the princess she cast to sleep
for every side to see the story became
legend but this is no fairy tale there
are many who pray only innocent I'm sure
your kind would agree if I didn't know
better I'd say we're making a threat
well do you do i what no better what
have you done
[Music]
jeez
you